Shubham Yeole 
New York, NY 10038 | (201)887-5323 | shubhamyeole.cs@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/shubhamyeole 
EDUCATION 
Pace University, Seidenberg School of CSIS     New York, NY 
Masters of Science, Computer Science | GPA: 3.93 May 2017  
Yadavrao Tasgaonkar Institute of Engineering and Technology (YTIET) Mumbai, India 
Bachelor of Engineering, GPA: 7.29/10.0  August 2014 
TECHNICAL SUMMARY  
 3+ years of experience in software development using Java, Spring(MVC), Hibernate and MySQL. 
 2+ years of hands-on experience in frontend development using AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, generating 
HTML/DHTML reports, SASS and CSS technologies. 
 1+ years of hands-on experience writing databases queries using MySQL and MongoDB. 
 1+ years of experience in building algorithms in Java and Node.js 
 Solid understanding of SDLC and Agile methodology.  
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Magkinetics     Neptune, NJ 
Full Stack Developer May 2016 – Aug 2016 
Worked on a team of three to develop a web based project management tool for small scale businesses allowing both the business 
and customer to track progress of project. Utilized Java, MySQL database, Hibernate, Spring(MVC), JQuery, JavaScript and AJAX 
technologies to develop three web applications. 
P2Logic Project: http://www.path2logic.com  
 Reduced API endpoints failure by 70% by building algorithms in Java, Spring(MVC) and Hibernate framework. 
 Built RESTful APIs to send image, audio and video to Client69 website with OAuth 2 to send token back and forth for 
validation process. 
 Created web application for businesses to effectively manage business activities which included importing customer 
checklists, creating proposals, and managing prospects and projects. 
 Implemented Google map and calendar API feature to keep track of user tasks and locations.  
Client69 Project: http://client69.com 
 Developed a web application allowing both the admin and customer to post and receive images. 
 Build RESTful API (server side) for receiving and sending information from and toP2Logic, Client69 and MyCI website. 
 Utilized Amazon Web Service(AWS) S3 bucket to store images, audios and videos. 
 Carried out quality assurance tests to discover errors and optimize usability. 
My Customer Information Project (MyCI): http://mycustomerinformation.com 
 Built a consumer based product where customer can keep the track of all the activities that are performed by their vendor.  
 Automated functionality which provides customer with MYCI access code to check progress of work. 
 Implemented feature allowing customer to upload images to Client69 for vendor through AWS. 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
Real Estates: http://shubham-great-livings.herokuapp.com/  Dec 2016 - Present 
 Designing and developing commercial real estate website using Node.js and MongoDB. 
 Frontend technologies includes AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and SASS. 
 Utilized 311 dataset and google maps to highlight safe places on map with color density. 
 Advanced technology utilized includes Postmaker, Facebook, Twilio REST API and Amazon S3 bucket. 
Node.js and Java Blog: http://java-nodejs-blog.herokuapp.com                    May 2016 
 Built a blog for software developers where user can post and read codes under specific category. 
 Backend utilized is Node.js along with AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX frontend technologies. 
 Advanced technology utilized includes Facebook, SendGrid, Linkedin, and Twilio REST APIs. 
Easy Search SMS service: https://shubhamtwilio.herokuapp.com/                                 Dec 2015 
 Implemented SMS service using Twilio API to allows guardians learn about their children’s activities in school. 
 Technology used is Java 8 and Spring(MVC), Hibernate framework and MySQL database to store actions made by user. 
 User needs to send ‘start’ message to +(419)482-1780 number or visit platform at click here to start using SMS service. 
Student Help Desk IVR system                         Sept 2015 
 Developed  interactive  voice  recognition (IVR) system  for  students  to  effectively  utilize  university  services  which  includes 
learning previous grades, course information, survey. 
 Utilized Twilio  API with  4  programming/scripting  languages  which  includes Node.js,  AngularJS,  JavaScript  and  Ajax with 
Express framework. 
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
